{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 OpenSans;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Notes from \'93Eastern Body, Western Mind\'94 on the Crown Chakra\

\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}\'93corporations are build to enhance their economic prowess, often with little regard for the spiritual well being of their workers or the environment\'94\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}\'91People who give spirituality a high priority are often consider fringe members of society\'92\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}\'91The two ends of the spectrum connect the individual self with universal creation\'92\
{\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}We come into contact with our connection to creation through \'91the elusively simple but profound act of paying attention.\'92\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Good design doesn\'92t just come from the elusive act of \'91being inspired\'92, it comes from practice, from understanding fundamental communication principles, and an openness to discovering innovative ways of communicating. You show up every day and you do your work and you inspire yourself instead of waiting for inspiration to come. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}Coming down through the energy centers - the formation of an idea\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}It begins with the conception of an idea. What immediately follows is research - target audience, if there are any competitors, etc - to develop a full understanding of the idea before we design anything. Then we sketch, prototype, and visualize all of the possible iterations of the idea and settle on our first minimal viable product. As soon as we have a testable product, it is time to see how users interact with it to verify if any changes need to be made. If that is the case, we return to the sketching phase and make the product better. As soon as the product is deemed ready, it is released to the public where the real test begins. There you can find different ways that the product can grow and evolve; more features are pondered and potentially executed. If there needs to be another feature, again we return to the sketching and prototyping phase. It is a continually evolving cycle from idea synthesis to execution, and there is always room for growth and improvement. We stay open to new ideas, implement them as they are discovered, and prove whether they are viable ideas or not. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u8259 
\f0 	}\
}